**Client:** University of Bristol Library Services.

The client predominantly provides access to a large number print materials (such of books and digital content) to the existing 18000+ University of Bristol members. Graduates, former staff, members of local societies as well as members of universities in the UK & Ireland part of the SCONUL Access Scheme can also apply for memberships and become members but these are subject to individual review. There is also visitor passes available however print materials cannot be issued to such members.

As part of a new upgrade going live in January 2019, the client will be upgrading their library management system to a new cloud based setup hosted by OCLC and managed by WMS. In addition to these upgrades, the client loves the idea of developing a quick and robust app for their existing members to self-issue print materials. This would negate the need for existing members to use the librarian or the self service machines to take out materials as they would be able to do on the fly, with their phones via their fingertips.

We plan to use the existing RFID tags present in the print materials with the existing NFC mobile phone technologies in order to fulfill this criteria. Our vision is staff and students of the University Of Bristol will be able to login to our app via their existing UoB Single Sign On Service, press scan, tap the book they require, press confirm and walk out of the library. All of the work related to the NFC Capability and the RFID Capability will be encapsulated away from the user leaving them with a perfectly functional beautiful app that simply works.

Alongside issuing print materials to themselves, it is envisioned the application will provide push notifications which will allow the user to be alerted of over-due books, which will allow them to setup over-due reminders such as the day before or the morning when the book is due as well as notifying the users when their print materials have not been renewed. These new  notifications will replace the current system which is all currently done via email. This current method is not very efficient as not every user is proactive in checking their emails but with this new proposed design, users will be instantly alerted on their mobile phone/tablet.
